url	day	time
james.com	-	2weeks
yusuf.com	-	1day
jame.com	-	5months
james.com	-	4weeks
yusuf.com	-	1day
lade.com	-	3weeks
olaide.com	-	4months
james.com       -       2weeks
yusuf.com       -       1day
jame.com        -       5months
james.com       -       4weeks
yusuf.com       -       1day
lade.com        -       3weeks
olaidek.com      -       4months
james.com       -       2weeks
yusufh.com       -       1day
jameg.com        -       5months
jamesa.com       -       4weeks
yusufw.com       -       1day
ladee.com        -       3weeks
olaided.com      -       4months
jamesx.com       -       2weeks
yusufs.com       -       1day
james.com        -       5months
jamess.com       -       4weeks
yusufs.com       -       1day
lades.com        -       3weeks
olaids.com      -       4months
